Doc/add troubleshooting (#109)
pyansys/pydpf-core: docs/source/user_guide/troubleshooting.rst

.. _user_guide_troubleshooting:

===============
Troubleshooting
===============

> In this page, users can find ideas to resolve the most common issues encountered with ``pydpf-core``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section explains how to resolve the most common issues encountered with ``pydpf-core``.
```

> Ways to improve users codes will also be exposed.

Reviewer 2: I'd write this as:
This section also includes suggestions for how to improve your scripts that use ``pydpf-core``.

> This section also includes suggestions for how to improve your scripts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It also includes suggestions for improving scripts.
```

Using the Server
----------------

Starting DPF Server
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> While using the dpf python API to start the server with :py:meth:`start_local_server()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While using the DPF-Python API to start the server with :py:meth:`start_local_server()
```

While using the dpf python API to start the server with :py:meth:`start_local_server()

> <ansys.dpf.core.server.start_local_server>` or while starting the server manually (with ''Ans.Dpf.Grpc.sh''

Reviewer 2: Use ` instead of ' to get it rendered properly within Sphinx.

Author: @akaszynski I'm not sure to understand what you mean here sorry

> or ``Ans.Dpf.Grpc.bat``) an error (in python: "TimeoutError: Server did not start in 10 seconds") might occur.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or ``Ans.Dpf.Grpc.bat``), a Python error might occur: "TimeoutError: Server did not start in 10 seconds".
```

> This kind of error might mean that the server or its dependencies were not found. In that case, making sure that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This kind of error might mean that the server or its dependencies were not found. Ensure that
```

This kind of error might mean that the server or its dependencies were not found. In that case, making sure that

> the environment variables `AWP_ROOT{VER}` with (VER=212, 221, ...) is set might help.

Reviewer 2: Use two back ticks (`) for literal text.

> the environment variables ``AWP_ROOT{VER}`` with (VER=212, 221, ...) is set might help.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the environment variable ``AWP_ROOT{VER}`` is set, where VER=212, 221, ....
```

Connecting to DPF Server
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> If an issue appread while using the dpf python API to connect to a started server with :py:meth:`connect_to_server()

Reviewer 2: I'd use "initialized server" instead of "started server".

> If an issue appeared while using the dpf python API to connect to an initialized server with :py:meth:`connect_to_server()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an issue appears while using the DPF-Core Python API to connect to an initialized server with :py:meth:`connect_to_server()
```

> <ansys.dpf.core.server.connect_to_server>`, please make sure that the IP address and port number set as parameters

Reviewer 2: End with "that belong to" or "are applicable for"

> <ansys.dpf.core.server.connect_to_server>`, please make sure that the IP address and port number set as parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<ansys.dpf.core.server.connect_to_server>`, ensure that the IP address and port number that are set as parameters
```

> Importing DPF python module

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Importing DPF Python Module
```

> Importing DPF python module

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Importing a DPF Python Module
```

> Importing DPF python module

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Importing the DPF-Core Module
```

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> If while doing:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assume that you are importing a DPF Python module:
```

> If while doing:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assume that you are importing the DPF-Core module:
```

.. code-block:: default

    from ansys.dpf import core as dpf

> missing modules are listed as an error, please refer to the compatibility paragraph of :ref:`_ref_getting_started`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an error lists missing modules, see the compatibility paragraph of :ref:`_ref_getting_started`.
```

The module `ansys.grpc.dpf <https://pypi.org/project/ansys-grpc-dpf/>`_ should always be synchronized with its server
version.

> Performance issues

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Performance Issues
```

------------------

> Getting and Setting Field's data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Getting and Setting a Field's Data
```

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Accessing or modifying field's data :py:class:`Field<ansys.dpf.core.field.Field>` entity by entity can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Accessing or modifying field data :py:class:`Field<ansys.dpf.core.field.Field>` entity by entity can
```

be slow if the field's size is large or if the server is far from the python client. To improve performances,

> please use :py:meth:`as_local_field()<ansys.dpf.core.field.Field.as_local_field>` in a context manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
use :py:meth:`as_local_field()<ansys.dpf.core.field.Field.as_local_field>` in a context manager.
```

> An example of usage can be found in :ref:`_ref_use_local_data_example`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example can be found in :ref:`_ref_use_local_data_example`.
```

> Slow autocompletion on notebooks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Slow Autocompletion on Notebooks
```

> Slow autocompletion on notebooks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Slow Autocompletion in Notebooks
```

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Autocompletion in Jupyter notebook can sometimes be slow for large models. The interpreter might

> evaluate some properties getters when the tab key is pressed. To unable this capability please use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
evaluate getters of some properties when the tab key is pressed. To disable this capability use
```
